docs: fix burger menu, exclude smooth transitions on page change in coffee-house-week3.md (#1373)
rolling-scopes-school/tasks: tasks/coffee-house/coffee-house-week3.md

   - When clicking the cross, the burger menu smoothly hides, moving to the right of the screen, and the cross smoothly transforms into a burger icon: **+4**
   - The burger icon is created using HTML and CSS without the use of images: **+2**
   - Links in the burger menu work, providing smooth scrolling to anchor points: **+2**

>    - When clicking on any link (interactive or non-interactive) in the menu, and if there is no transition to another page with a different URL, the burger menu smoothly hides to the right, and the cross smoothly transforms into a burger icon: **+2**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - When any link in the menu (interactive or non-interactive) is clicked, and if it does not lead to a transition to a different page with a new URL, the burger menu smoothly retracts to the right. Simultaneously, the cross icon transforms back into a burger icon: **+2**
```
